Thank you for today.
I'm just telling the truth
Besides, you're my nanny
Also take care of me
Don't forget to remember how Hee abandoned you in the first place
Now is not the time to pity her
I didn't expect Zeyuan to testify against that bitch
Ji Yanxi
This fox
No way.
I can't let Ji Yanxi go on like this anymore
Humph
Pardon me?
Ji Yanxi is back to seduce Zeyuan again
Yes!
I don't know what means Ji Yanxi used
Now Brother Zeyuan doesn't want to socialize with me at all
Avoid me
Grandpa, I'm afraid it will go on like this
Brother Zeyuan will be abducted by Amazing Fate Immortal
At that time, the cooperation between the Huo family and the Lin family
It's a bit outrageous